Ldap mailing lists (#1135)
linagora/tmail-backend: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tmail-backend/features/ldapMailingLists.adoc

= LDAP mailing lists
:navtitle: LDAP mailing lists

Twake Mail allows binding mailing lists resolution onto LDAP groups.

This can be done through the `LDAPMailingList` mailet.

The list address is held by a configurable LDAP attribute of the LDAP group representing the list, and is resolved to
the list of members of the group.

Twake mail define some sender controls, defined by the business category of the LDAP group:

 - *openList(default) every body can send mails to the list

>  - *internalListonly james users can send mail to the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *internalList only james users can send mail to the list
```

>  - *memberRestrictedListonly members of the list can send mail to the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *memberRestrictedList only members of the list can send mail to the list
```

>  - *ownerRestrictedListonly owners of the list can send mail to the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *ownerRestrictedList only owners of the list can send mail to the list
```

>  - *domainRestrictedListonly members of the domain can send mail to the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *domainRestrictedList only members of the domain can send mail to the list
```
